Paul why the hell are you always late? Is there something damaged in
your brain? You act like a complete moron. Go to hell.

Why don't you shower more often? You smell like dog shit. It's fucking
disrespectful towards people around. I want to throw up everytime i meet
you.

You never do what you suppose to. This is unacceptable behavior. This
pisses me off and makes me want to kill your dog.

You are so ugly it makes me wanna kill you. Nobody likes the way you behave. This must stop. Nobody is going to visit your funeral. You are the worst person in the universe.

Seriously grow up. GROW UP. My 10 year old niece has a better attitude than you do, and she's about to go into her preteens. It's inappropriate, mean, rude, and extremely demeaning!

Seriously, why are you so mean? You're, what, 40 years my senior? Yet I still manage to keep it together and be civil in the work place, something you seem to be incapable of. The next time you respond to me with a blunt "whatever" or talk down to me I might not have it in me to just walk away. I might just have to call you out on your ridiculously inappropriate behavior within the workplace. Well, for civilized society really, but especially in the workplace. What in the world makes you think it's appropriate to talk down to people the way you do? Just because I'm younger than you?

I just had a long time customer screw me out of $1,000 and he thinks its' completely okay. That $1,000 comes out of my pocket and I already spent it on shit that he now has in his possession. I call him and he acts all aggro like I did something wrong and that he deserves to keep it for absolutely no payment on his part.
I'm struggling to get by already and he knows it and he just wants to stick the knife in deeper and deeper. Why the fuck are psychotic people allowed to live in this world?

If another one of you motherfucking fucks fucking flashes me with your brights because you think I'm too stupid to be courteous enough to put low beams on, I will make that urban legend true and follow you home and hack at your body with a machete until it looks like a mythical fucking creature annihilated you, you asshat mcfuckshit! I will swerve at the next one of you bastards looking to dispense dangerous vigilante car justice. If you drive a fucking car that hugs the fucking road like a miata or honda I am sorry but maybe you should figure out that people who drive taller vehicles might not all have their motherfucking bright lights on, perhaps there is, I don't know, A GODDAMN MOTHERFUCKING HEIGHT DIFFERENCE YOU ARENT FUCKING ACCOUNTING FOR!!!!
I drive a stock Nissan fucking frontier. It's a fucking midsize truck. It's not modified at all. So... STOP BEING AN INSECURE LITTLE BITCH AND JUST FUCKING WATCH THE ROAD AND NOT MY HEADLIGHTS!